---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "encrypt_apim_subscription function - az-confidential"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Produces a ciphertext string suitable for use with az-confidential_apim_subscription resource
---

# function: encrypt_apim_subscription

Generates the encrypted (cipher text) version of subscription primary and secondary keys which then van can be used by `az-confidential_apim_subscription` resource to create an actual subscription  in the API Management service
# Secondary protection parameters
The primary protection of the confidential content is achieved with RSA encryption.

The secondary protection parameters can be additionally embedded into the
ciphertext that limits the usage the `az-confidential` provider
will observe.
Where any of these  parameters of is not met, the `az-confidential` provider
will generate an error. Removing an error will require re-encryption of the ciphertext
by the original confidential asset owner or a removal of the associated resource from the state.

> Note that secondary protection measures are implemented only by the `az-confidential` provider
> as a means to prevent inadvertent mix-ups and to enforce ciphertext re-encryption (which is
> equivalent of re-authenticating a user session after a prolonged use). Secondary protection is a
> _complimentary_ measure to RSA encryption and not a replacement thereof as any process or persona
> with the permission to decrypt the ciphertext using the matching private key wil be able
> to read the confidential material.

If this parameter is set to `null`, this will remove all secondary protection from the
ciphertext completely.

Available secondary protection parameter options are:
- `create_limit`: a time frame within which the object must be created. The value should
  be a valid Golang duration expression specifying hours, mines, and seconds. For example,
  `72h` expression limits the creation of the resource within 3 calendar days. To disable this
  limit, set this parameter to an empty string (`""`).
  > As a secure practice, the creation limit should be short-lived just enough to get the
  > actual resource created in Azure for production resource. Where the practitioner seeks
  > to recreate objects e.g., in ephemeral test environments, limiting expiry with `expirys_after`
  > and `num_uses` offers a suitable alternative.
- `expires_after`: number of days the before the ciphertext will be considered "expired." Set to
  `0` to mark the ciphertext perpetually valid.
- `num_uses`: number of times this ciphertext may be read before considered "depleted." Set to
  `0` to mark the ciphertext as non-depletable.
- `provider_constraints`: a set of strings indicating the tags an instance of `az-confidential`
  provider must be configured with. The primary use of this configuration is to add environmental
  constraints into the ciphertext to prevent production confidential material being accidentally used, 
  e.g. in the test environments.
## Destination parameter
When specified, "locks" the destination subscription in the specific API management
instance into which this subscription can be unpacked. 

The object has the following fields:
  - `az_subscription_id` Azure subscription Id containing the API management service. Required to lock destination.
    > Note: this parameter contains `az_` prefix to differentiate between Azure 
    > and API management subscriptions.
  - `resource_group` resource group containing the API management service. Required to lock destination.
  - `api_management_name` API management service name in the resource group. Required to lock destination.
  - `apim_subscription_id` specific API subscription id to assign ot thi subscription
  - `api_id` an identifier of the API to link this subscription to. A non-empty value is mutually exclusive  
     with `product_id` set to an non-empty string.
  - `product_id` an identifier of the API production to link subscription to. A non-empty value is mutually exclusive  
    with `api_id` set to an non-empty string.
  - `user_id` an id of the owner to be associated with this subscription.

## Example Usage

```terraform
locals {
  public_key = <<-PUBLIC_KEY
              -----BEGIN PUBLIC KEY-----
              MIICIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAg8AMIICCgKCAgEAx6PaXN8G5yqJc06mB+Ht
              zcHEvg5CXE8K2MgIqLjGGoOJJrxvdyj4ahxn434VVEFwlN0IDRvw4nsZwNOmXtQH
              qNYUHFJTfPVgbywjRPc72/v/81KVaMEDyLBgLKBndcAROYi2HTgp7DtllZGLCOFD
              MH0SwuAlJ/jM/O4YUksWyQRzVaEXYFoZvU48wKUp691Pp30xgAfaDKmXKXk/gJP+
              WqmaCEHLU26xxflOn0Jh50plClxfE5VNygeWNX2qfcHoeuV4AVktUhYMXXbaZar7
              cofVVg/Xb9RIDQtVtFEOBiOKLrDuFKmiJIcQm+SVPxVm32SwSaSJ32Mo68xc0VRZ
              lwWZsU88mgfB0irQGigf1uSgbeyyhP1LqwO9Ko2axz4we86rr87MdV6fXwyLzofD
              UroQkCpX97h6kRpt2Oo+6a6dVMB0i1o39e0+s/x30DyF/NmYfp6OZeZ9ESexNK+I
              rs7AON0qsktMvJrZrwtWJc3dpR62/QOdYsn6Gg3Awz5/mVJmUXUeTlSNUwLXvRcg
              6+0R7h1I9QSsMp2rBrReJic3xzeU48v1Nsx8bThdHhHniJxbQKHLLPTkFPvU1GVQ
              /4+V/CknT5iV3y+hgcLK+RA013P7ZjYApzpVkMfBcUZbKzKOTb++nXzlJrWwCc2b
              kHaPtEkvXVnamkL9RoClPnkCAwEAAQ==
              -----END PUBLIC KEY-----
              PUBLIC_KEY
}

output "encrypted_named_value" {
  value = provider::az-confidential::encrypt_apim_subscription(
    {
      primary_key   = "primary-key-value"
      secondary_key = "secondary-key-value"
    },
    {
      az_subscription_id  = "123421"
      resource_group      = "rg"
      api_management_name = "apim"
      apim_subscription_id : "subscriptionId",
      api_id     = "",
      product_id = "productId"
      user_id    = "abc-def"
    },
    {
      create_limit         = "72h"
      expires_in           = 200
      num_uses             = 10
      provider_constraints = toset(["test", "acceptance"])
    },
    local.public_key
  )
}

output "encrypted_named_value_without_destination_lock" {
  value = provider::az-confidential::encrypt_apim_subscription(
    {
      primary_key   = "a"
      secondary_key = "b"
    },
    null,
    {
      create_limit         = "72h"
      expires_in           = 200
      num_uses             = 10
      provider_constraints = toset(["test", "acceptance"])
    },
    local.public_key
  )
}

output "encrypted_named_value_without_protection" {
  value = provider::az-confidential::encrypt_apim_subscription(
    {
      primary_key   = "a"
      secondary_key = "b"
    },
    null,
    null,
    local.public_key
  )
}
```

## Signature

<!-- signature generated by tfplugindocs -->
```text
encrypt_apim_subscription(subscription_keys object, destination_subscription object, content_protection object, public_key string) string
```

## Arguments

<!-- arguments generated by tfplugindocs -->
1. `subscription_keys` (Object) Subscription keys that need to be created in the target APIM service
1. `destination_subscription` (Object, Nullable) Destination API management subscription
1. `content_protection` (Object, Nullable) Secondary content protection parameters to be embedded into the output ciphertext. See the details about the object fields above.
1. `public_key` (String) Public key of the Key-Wrapping Key

